 SuperTux Levels by octo
=========================

This package contains levels for SuperTux, a 2D jump'n'run game featuring our
beloved penguin mascot, Tux. For more information on SuperTux, please visit the
SuperTux homepage at <http://supertux.lethargik.org/>.


Levels and Setting
------------------

Currently, there are four sections:

  * The “Incubator” levels are designed according to the “Milestone 2 Style
    Guidelines.” The goal was to create levels of average difficulty. Levels
    that are challenging for novice players and interesting for advanced
    players, without being annoying or frustrating.

    The levels should be easy to finish, but collecting all the coins can be
    challenging. Also, care has been taken that speed-runs are possible and
    fun. There are even secret pathways which can save you some time!

  * The “Castle” levels are far more challenging. The levels take place at some
    unnamed Badguy's castle. Penny is being held captive there and Tux is
    trying to rescue her. This section consists of six levels:

    - The broken elevator
      When Tux tries to enter my domain, he find that the elevator is frozen to
      the ground. He has to set out to turn the heating system on …

    - The Drawbridge
      Tux needs to get into the castle, but it's heavily guarded. This is
      probably a hard level.

    - The Entrance
      Tux is inside the castle, but not quite. To get to Penny he has to get
      past the guards in the outer regions of the castle. This level is hard.

    - The Throne Room
      Finally within the inner regions of the castle, Tux has to discover that
      that Badguy is having a new heating system installed and not where he
      used to be, so … were could he and Penny be? This level is of medium
      difficulty but requires some precise jumping at the beginning. [*]

    - The Torture Chamber
      If Badguy is not on his throne, he can only be in one of two places. To
      the torture chamber! This level is of medium difficulty.

    - The Tower
      Well, Badguy and Penny weren't in the torture chamber either (*whew!*).
      So off to check the second possibility: Badguy's private chambers, way up
      in that devious tower of his. This level is of medium difficulty.

    The levels were designed to be a challenge for advanced players. They are a
    bit mean here and there, but usually the player should be able to avoid
    these traps once he knows they're there.

  * The “Super Mario Land” levels are remakes of levels from the original
    GameBoy game.
    
    - Super Mario Land 1-1
      Remake of the first level of the game.

    - Super Mario Land 1-2
      Remake of the second level of the game.

    - Super Mario Land 1-3
      Remake of the third level of the game.

  * The “Super Mario World” levels are remakes of levels from the original SNES
    game.

    - Yoshi's Island 2
      This is a remake of the original "Yoshi's Island 2" level from "Super
      Mario World", the SNES game. Everyone who has played the original game
      will know this level from heart, as it is the level to gather some extra
      lives.

    - Chocolate Island 2
      This is a remake of the original "Chocolate Island 2" level from "Super
      Mario World", the SNES game. Getting to the secret exit is a bit tricky
      but should behave almost identical to the original game.


Overall difficulty
------------------

The overall difficulty varies greatly, depending mostly on the section you're
in. If you don't manage to complete one of the levels, please do tell me
(rather than sending the mafia to my home ;). Maybe a sign at the right place
will save a lot of other players from frustration, too …


Installation
------------

To play there levels, copy the to the location where SuperTux expects its
levels. On most systems, the directory “octo” must be below the directory
“<prefix>/share/games/supertux2/levels/”, where “<prefix>” is the path where
you installed SuperTux. Usually that's “/usr” or “/opt”.


Version
-------

These levels were designed for SuperTux 0.3, the development version of the
second “milestone”. All levels were tested with revision 6663 of the SVN
repository and are completable. They were designed with revision 6663 of
SuperTux-Editor and vim 7.2.245. For incompatibilities with future versions,
please contact me (see below).


Copyright and License
---------------------

All levels and accompanying material is copyrighted © 2009-2011 by Florian
Forster and are dual-licensed under the GNU General Public License (version 2
or later) and the Creative Commons Attribution-Share Alike 3.0 License
(CC-by-sa 3.0). For differing license agreements, please contact me (see
below).

The full license terms can be read on the web at:

  <http://www.gnu.org/licenses/gpl-2.0.html>
  <http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-sa/3.0/>

The full license terms of the GPL version 2 are also included in the file
called “COPYING”.


Contact
-------

To contact me send an email to <octo at verplant.org>, use the same address as
Jabber-ID or look for me on freenode (nick “octo”).

Any feedback is very welcome! (Especially negative one ;)


[*] Extra credit for everybody who manages to get the “1 up” and lives! ;)
